Viewport Meta: add property definitions. Remove legacy. (#16169)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/html/viewport_meta_tag/index.md

<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1">
```

Not all devices are the same width; you should make sure that your pages work well in a large variation of screen sizes and orientations.

> The basic properties include:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The basic properties of the "viewport" `<meta>` tag include:
```

Reviewer 2: We need to assert that we are including all the properties related to the "viewport \<META\>" element:
```suggestion
The properties of the viewport <META> tag are:
```
The spec refers to the tag as `viewport <META> element`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The basic properties of the viewport {{HTMLElement(meta)}} element are:
```

- `width`

>   - : Controls the size of the viewport. It can be set to a specific number of pixels like `width=600` or to the special value `device-width`, which is 100vw. Minimum: `1px`. Maximum: `10000px`. Negative values: ignored. 

Reviewer: - Would readers be familiar with the unit `vw`?
- The example `width=600` does not use a unit. Should `px` be dropped in Minimum and Maximum?

>   - : Controls the size of the viewport. It can be set to a specific number of pixels like `width=600` or to the special value `device-width`, which is [100vw](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/length#viewport-percentage_lengths), or 100% of the viewport width. Minimum: `1`. Maximum: `10000`. Negative values: ignored. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : Controls the size of the viewport. It can be set to a specific number of pixels like `width=600` or to the special value `device-width`, which is [100vw](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/length#relative_length_units_based_on_viewport), or 100% of the viewport width. Minimum: `1`. Maximum: `10000`. Negative values: ignored. 
```
Sorry, this link has changed - I just updated the docs around vw and vh

- `height`

>   - : Controls the size of the viewport. It can be set to a specific number of pixels like `height=400` or to the special value `device-height`, which is 100vh. Minimum: `1px`. Maximum: `10000px`. Negative values: ignored. 

Reviewer: Same comments as for `width`

Author: good catch. fixed.

- `initial-scale`
  - : Controls the zoom level when the page is first loaded. Minimum: `0.1`. Maximum: `10`. Default:`1`. Negative values: ignored. 
- `minimum-scale`

>   - : control how users are allowed to zoom the page out. Minimum: `0.1`. Maximum: `10`. Default: `0.1`. Negative values: ignored. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : Controls how users are allowed to zoom the page out. Minimum: `0.1`. Maximum: `10`. Default: `0.1`. Negative values: ignored. 
```
- checking if it would be better to say 'zoom out of the page'?

Reviewer 2: Splitting the verb phrase doesn't sound good. Also, we want to convey "how much is allowed" and not "how they are allowed".
```suggestion
  - : Controls how much zoom out is allowed on the page. Minimum: `0.1`. Maximum: `10`. Default: `0.1`. Negative values: ignored. 
```

- `maximum-scale`

>   - : Control how users are allowed to zoom the page in. Any value less than 3 fails accessibility. Minimum: `0.1`. Maximum: `10`. Default:`10`. Negative values: ignored. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : Controls how users are allowed to zoom the page in. Any value less than 3 fails accessibility. Minimum: `0.1`. Maximum: `10`. Default:`10`. Negative values: ignored. 
```
- checking if it would be better to say 'zoom into the page'?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - : Control how much zoom in is allowed on the page. Any value less than 3 fails accessibility. Minimum: `0.1`. Maximum: `10`. Default:`10`. Negative values: ignored. 
```

- `user-scalable`

>   - : Control if users are allowed to zoom the page in or out. Valid values: `0`, `1`, `yes`, `no`. Default: `1`, which is the same as `yes`. Setting the value to `0`, which is the same as `no`, is against Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : Controls if users are allowed to zoom the page in or out. Valid values: `0`, `1`, `yes`, `no`. Default: `1`, which is the same as `yes`. Setting the value to `0`, which is the same as `no`, is against Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG).
```
- would it be better to say 'zoom into or out of the page'?

Reviewer 2: It is not either or. Both actions are allowed if set to true. So, we need `and` here.
```suggestion
  - : Controls whether zoom in and zoom out actions are allowed on the page. Valid values: `0`, `1`, `yes`, or `no`. Default: `1`, which is the same as `yes`. Setting the value to `0`, which is the same as `no`, is against Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG).
```

> > **Warning:** Usage of `user-scalable=no` can cause accessibility issues to users with visual impairments such as low vision. [WCAG](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/Understanding_WCAG/Perceivable#guideline_1.4_make_it_easier_for_users_to_see_and_hear_content_including_separating_foreground_from_background) requires at minium 2x scaling; however, it is a best practice to enable 5x zoom.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Warning:** Usage of `user-scalable=no` can cause accessibility issues to users with visual impairments such as low vision. [WCAG](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/Understanding_WCAG/Perceivable#guideline_1.4_make_it_easier_for_users_to_see_and_hear_content_including_separating_foreground_from_background) requires a minimum of 2x scaling; however, the best practice is to enable a 5x zoom.
```

## Screen density

> Screen resolutions have risen to the size that individual pixels are hard to distinguish with the human eye. For example, smartphones often have small screens with resolutions upwards of 1920—1080 pixels (\~400 dpi). Because of this, many browsers can display their pages in a smaller physical size by translating multiple hardware pixels for each CSS "pixel". Initially this caused usability and readability problems on many touch-optimized web sites.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Screen resolutions have risen to the size that individual pixels are hard to distinguish with the human eye. For example, smartphones often have small screens with resolutions upwards of 1920—1080 pixels (\~400 dpi). Because of this, many browsers can display their pages in a smaller physical size by translating multiple hardware pixels for each CSS "pixel". Initially, this caused usability and readability problems on many touch-optimized web sites.
```

Reviewer 2: No need to go into details of how humans distinguish pixels with one eye. 🧐
```suggestion
Screen resolutions have risen to the size that individual pixels are indistinguishable by the humans. For example, smartphones often have small screens with resolutions upwards of 1920—1080 pixels (\~400 dpi). Because of this, many browsers can display their pages in a smaller physical size by translating multiple hardware pixels for each CSS "pixel". Initially, this caused usability and readability problems on many touch-optimized web sites.
```
I am confused. If we assign multiple hardware pixels to 1 CSS pixel, wouldn't that increase/keep the size of the page content? Lack of not translating, i.e. 1 hardware px = 1 CSS px, makes a page small because there are many hardware pixels now.
Can we rephrase it like this? 
"Because of this, as there was no translation between hardware pixels and CSS "pixel", many browsers started to display web pages in a smaller physical size."
